                       Programming Assignment #3
		        Object oriented scripts

Due: Friday, April 20  at  11:59 pm.

Submission method: You will post to the course website, just like the previous
                   assignment. 

Submission rules: I REQUIRE you to FOLLOW THESE RULES:

                  1. Submit one file named "<your student ID>.PA3.tar"
                     It will contain the 3 files described below:
			display, name, and objecttest
		     
                  2. Submissions made after the deadline will be ignored.
                     (That means: no late submissions on this assignment.)
                     (By the way, if you don't turn in your assignments, you
                      will probably Fail The Class. That's a Fact. So start
                      early and ask questions.)
                  
                  This is a large class. Unless each of you follows the above
                  rules, the TAs' work becomes so hard. So I INSIST that you 
                  FOLLOW the above rules. If you don't, we won't accept your 
                  homework.

                  If you have questions about these rules, you may post your 
                  questions to the course website.


Getting help:   - The Professor has office hours on Monday from 12:30-2:30, 
                  and on Friday from 10:00-12:00, in room 9037.  He can also 
                  be reached by email.
                - The TAs are also available to answer your questions.
                - Questions about the assignment can be posted to the 
                  Discussion Forum.
                - You may also discuss the ideas of the assignment with your
                  classmates. Such discussions can be quite helpful to your 
                  learning -- IF you ONLY talk about the general concepts of
		  the steps of the assignment.
		  - If, however, you tell other students the specific details
		    of your implementation, then you are not helping each other
		    to learn; you are just doing the work for them.
                    In other words, you are cheating. You CANNOT show another
		    student ANY part of the answer to the assignment.

Cheating policy:  We encourage students to form study groups. But this does not
                  mean sharing code. If students are found to be sharing work,
		  they can receive a 0 for the entire course, or worse.
                  It is cheating to let another student see your work, or to 
                  let them look over your shoulder when your code is on the
		  screen.
		  A good way to know you cheated: if you have code that is in
		  your solution just because another student told you to put
		  it there, but you don't actually understand it.
		  If you are still unsure, you can ask the TA for more
		  explanation.
                  We always look for evidence of cheating, so don't do it.
                  (In any event, even if you do not get caught, those who 
                  copy the homework will not learn the material, so they 
                  will fail the exam.)

Most Important    The programming assignments are a large part of the grade.
Things to Know:	  This large point value means that, if you don't do them, you
		  will fail.
		  The large point value also explains why the policy against
		  cheating is strictly enforced.
		  

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 


,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
: Provided files :
''''''''''''''''''

If you are reading this file, then you must have un-tarred the ProgAssign2.tar
file. Looking in the directory containing this README file, you will find:

% ls
PA3.tar  README  READMEdisplay  READMEname  READMEobjecttest

The README file is this file you are reading now.

The PA3.tar file is the tar file of the game directories, in the modified form
for this assignment.

The other three README files describe the details of the three files indicated
by their names. 

Read those files to learn how to do the assignment.
